(225) Chore: local environment uses mssql server (#68)
DFE-Digital/dfe-complete-conversions-transfers-and-changes: doc/microsoft-sql-server.md

# Microsoft SQL Server

As per this [ADR](./0007-use-the-academies-db-as-the-datastore.md), the
application must store data in the 'Academies Database' which runs on Microsoft
SQL Server.

As this setup is relatively unconventional, this documentation may be of use.

## Setup
See the [Setup Microsoft SQL
Server](../README.md#setup-microsoft-sql-server)
in the readme for more information.

## Running the server

> As SQL Server does not run natively on Mac OS we use the [official Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As SQL Server does not run natively on macOS we use the [official Docker
```
